**Pinpointing Core Elements**

I'm zeroing in on the script's core function: file creation. It needs to utilize `combal.raku` and I must clearly
identify the primary task involved in this process. Focusing on the necessary tool and specific objective will help
clarify the next step.

**Identifying File Structure**

I've outlined the fundamental structure of a new Raku project: main script, module, tests, metadata, README, license,
and .gitignore. Now, I must determine how to infuse the 'butterfly' theme into this framework.

**Expanding File Generation**

I've sketched a plan to implement the 'butterfly' theme. I'll use "Lepidoptera" as the project name, and "
metamorphosis.raku" for the main script. The `lib/Lepidoptera.rakumod` module will provide a `Butterfly` class, and
there will be tests for the module. I need to make the script generate all these and populate `META6.json` accordingly.

**Simplifying CLI Structure**

I'm refining the command-line interface. The initial thought was `combal.raku develop files butterfly`. I've shifted to
a cleaner pattern: `combal.raku develop <project-name>`, making `develop` the action and the project name, like "
Lepidoptera", the argument. This simplifies argument parsing and aligns better with standard CLI design, which will make
the script more intuitive. This simplifies the previous `MAIN` signature, too.

**Streamlining Project Generation**

I'm now streamlining the CLI design. The initial plan had "files" as a subcommand, but that's redundant.
Instead, `combal.raku develop <project-name>` is more intuitive. The `develop` action and the project name, like "
Lepidoptera", are the key elements. This simplifies parsing and aligns with standard CLI practices, improving usability.

**Structuring the Script**

I'm now refining the argument parsing. The initial draft used subcommands, but it proved unwieldy. A streamlined
approach, `combal.raku develop <project-name>`, simplifies everything. This improves the `MAIN` signature too.

**Generating the Script Outline**

I'm now integrating the user's `butterfly` concept into the file structure. Using  "Lepidoptera" as the project base and
generating "metamorphosis.raku" and a  `lib/Lepidoptera.rakumod` module with a `Butterfly` class seem promising. I also
want to make sure the script auto-populates `META6.json`. This will make the process easier for users.

**Simplifying CLI Arguments**

The current structure employs a more streamlined CLI argument pattern: `combal.raku develop <project-name>`. This
approach eliminates the subcommand, making `develop` the core action and the project name the primary argument. This
simplifies argument parsing and enhances the CLI's intuitive design.

\n\n**Refining Project Generation**

I'm now generating all necessary project files, including the main script, module, tests, metadata, README, and license.
The "butterfly" theme is integrated using "Lepidoptera" as the project name and corresponding filenames. The script
automatically populates `META6.json`, ensuring easy project setup.

I'm currently working on generating the necessary project files. I've designed a clear structure, using "Lepidoptera" as
the project name and automatically populating `META6.json`. This provides an easy starting point for users who want to
create Raku projects.

I've begun integrating the "butterfly" theme by generating necessary project files, including a main script, module,
tests, metadata, README, and license. To enhance the script's usability, I'm auto-populating `META6.json`.


